I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Secrets.
Mummy Pig has made
a special box for Peppa.
Peppa, this box is just for you!
Thank you, Mummy!
It's a secret box for you
to keep secret things in.
What things can I put in it,
Mummy?
Only you can
decide that, Peppa!
It's your secret box!
I know What I
can put in it!
Good.
But don't tell me.
I Won't tell you
or George or Daddy!
It's a secret!!
George,
this is my secret box!
It's empty. I have to find
some things to put inside.
George Wants to
help Peppa.
No, George, only I must know
What's in the box.
You have to Wait outside
While I choose.
Peppa is going to choose some
secret things to put in the box.
Now, my secret box is full!
George, you must not look inside!
George Would like to know
What is inside
Peppa's secret box.
lf you like,
you can try to guess.
Dine-Saw!
George thinks Peppa has
put a dinosaur in the box!
Oh, George!
You always say ''dinosaur''
for everything!
Anyway, a dinosaur
is too big to fit in the box.
George cannot guess What is
in Peppa's secret box.
Daddy Pig is
cleaning a picture.
Daddy! This is my
secret box!
Mummy made it for me!
It's very nice, Peppa!
What's inside?
It's a secret!
George tried to guess,
but he didn't get it right.
Can I have a try?
Yes.
Hmmm. Have you put my glasses inside?
No!!! Your glasses are
on your head!
So they are!
Silly Daddy! You must
have a proper guess.
Ok. Have you put
Mummy's shoes in the box?
Nope! And that's all your
guesses. Used up!
Peppa likes secrets!
Mummy! No one knows
What is in my box!
Oh. What has George got?
I made a box for George, too!
And he's filled it
With secret things!
And only George knows
What's inside.
Oh.
Peppa Would like to know
What is inside George's box.
It's George's toy dinosaur, of course!
No!
George's toy dinosaur
is not in George's box.
It's too difficult!
I'll never guess!
Peppa does not like secrets
as much as she used to.
Maybe, if you showed George
one thing from your box,
then he could show you
one thing from his.
Ok. But We must do it
at the same time.
That's a good idea.
On the count of three,
you each show What's
in your boxes.
Ready?
Yes.
One... two... THREe!
George has a drum
and Peppa has a trumpet.
Lovely!
Yes, it sounds very nice.
Do you have anymore
secret things?
George has a custard doughnut!
Oh.
But Peppa's box
is empty.
I've got nothing else!
Luckily, I have!
Come on. Tuck in.
George, Peppa,
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig
all like custard doughnuts!
I don't have a special box.
But I know a very good place
to hide my custard doughnut!
Can you guess Where?
Um. Are you going to
hide it in the fridge?
No! Somewhere much more special!
My tummy!
Mmmmmm! Delicious!
I'm going to hide mine
in my tummy!
Me, too!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.